she's won Emmys Grammys not to mention
GLAAD Awards
Gracie wards and broken world records
for comedy and she also tried to give
Anderson Cooper blowjob on national
television and now she's here to give me
one on the Internet just kidding about
that part Kathy Griffin is here okay
look this is supposed to be my audition
tape for taking over David Letterman's
job where I prove that I can't be vulgar
and now I have to blow you Oh
as we're talking about you know equal
pay for four women to men and we're
talking about David Letterman it's so
interesting to juxtapose we can't have a
conversation about equal pay for women
in that role because there aren't any
there aren't anyway there are no Tom
hasn't even started right from Joan
Rivers correct so many years ago I
haven't moved forward no and that and
I'm so glad you're pointing that because
when I was watching Joan take over the
Tonight Show I really did think oh this
is it so now it's gonna be 50/50 from
now on and I really had no idea that
there would not be a female in network
nightly late-night you know after Joan
and so it's more than time but also as
you know the kids the kids are watching
the TV on their phones and their tablets
so this is watching television anyway
and I'm excited to see how it all shakes
down could do it looking at the crop of
women there are so many women out there
that can do it a nighttime slide to
really it's it's almost ridiculous that
we're acting like there's only a couple
of contenders I mean so people are
putting all these names into the pot but
the truth is if you look at the men that
are in late-night you know Conan O'Brien
was a writer on Simpsons and SNL so in
the male world they'll just take a guy
that doesn't even have television
experience and you know the great David
Letterman of course did his morning show
for a while and you know so people are
acting like well if a woman was ever
allowed to have the seat on the bus she
better be qualified and I'm thinking
we'll wait a minute you know the guys
that get shows they're from Everwood
radio they're on the man show
I remember when Jimmy Kimmel do the
sports of k-rock in LA that's how I met
him so you know I think that you know
there's so many women that are qualified
and I'm excited about a woman taking
several
slots whether it's David's or someone
else's because I do think that there's
something about late night where I'm
hoping sort of the art of conversation
comes back you just came from the view
yes
I just came from the view and I'm just
happy they let you on the V look I'm
happy to just survive Robert Walters
because I I you know went on the view
and I said this is it
this is your last shot to just take me
out once and for all
I told my mom I love her I said my
goodbyes and Barbara was very sweet so
you know Barbara Walters is actually a
living example of someone that I have
made fun of in my act and I mean I've
gone for her pretty hard I'm not gonna
lie and she's finally come around and
she's finally realized oh you're
actually a comedian who is just kidding
so that's very gratifying for me and
like I said I admire Joan Rivers and
Howard Stern and down Rickles so much
because eventually you know you sort of
either you get to an age or whatever
it's just so great when these people go
like oh oh it's okay to be in your act
you're not actually really trying to
harm me in any way and it's been for me
a lot of years of saying yeah it's
really just all a joke can the show
survive without Barbara I think um it
will I also think that Barbara is going
to just put on like a plastic moustache
and really run the show behind the
scenes so I put nothing past her and she
knows it
so you know we'll see but it I mean
Whoopi Goldberg is is I think kind of
sort of the head of the table and she's
very very bright and curse a fellow
Grammy winner for best comedy album and
Andy got so yeah I think they'll do
great you've had a recent bit of a
Twitter war here with Demi Lovato I'm
trying to make this a little bit bigger
well I want to be clear and say it's not
a Twitter war you because well I have no
you know like I don't have a big issue
with her it's that I didn't know that
she has like this army of I am assuming
like 12 or 13 years I don't really know
but anyway they have been hating taking
to the Twitter but also threatening my
life and my safety in ways that are
actually breaking the law so there's
been some little intervention the quiz
which full house character are you and
you didn't get Danny tanner you got
Jesse Katsopolis you were carefree and
slightly immature and have
the coolest person in your clique who
made this up I don't know and then and
they don't even know him and I got him
already